com/example/myapplication/Login/login.java
 com.example.myapplication.Login.login
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentLoadingBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentLoadingBinding
com/example/myapplication/Room/AttendeeDAO.java
 com.example.myapplication.Room.AttendeeDAO
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ExternalAttendeeItemBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ExternalAttendeeItemBinding
com/example/myapplication/Universal/AttendeeDTO.java
 com.example.myapplication.Universal.AttendeeDTO
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/event_details.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details$1
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details$2
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentExternalAttendeesAwaitingResponseBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentExternalAttendeesAwaitingResponseBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
com/example/myapplication/Universal/EventDTO.java
 com.example.myapplication.Universal.EventDTO
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityNewEventFormBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityNewEventFormBinding
com/example/myapplication/Room/Event.java
 com.example.myapplication.Room.Event
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentEventDetailsAttendeesinfoBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentEventDetailsAttendeesinfoBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/EventGridCardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.EventGridCardBinding
com/example/myapplication/Room/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.myapplication.Room.AppDatabase
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentEventDetailsEventinfoBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentEventDetailsEventinfoBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityExternalEventViewBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityExternalEventViewBinding
com/example/myapplication/ExternalEventView/externalAttendeesList.java
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.externalAttendeesList
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.externalAttendeesList$1
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/event_details_eventinfo.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details_eventinfo
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details_eventinfo$1
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/EventInfoAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.EventInfoAdapter
com/example/myapplication/ExternalEventView/ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor.java
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor$1
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor$2
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor$3
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.ExternalAttendeesListAdaptor$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/Dashboard/dashboard.java
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.dashboard
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.dashboard$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/AttendeeItemBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.AttendeeItemBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityEventDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityEventDetailsBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentEventGridBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentEventGridBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentExternalAttendeesListBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentExternalAttendeesListBinding
com/example/myapplication/Universal/loadingFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.Universal.loadingFragment
com/example/myapplication/SharedPreferences/UserDetails.java
 com.example.myapplication.SharedPreferences.UserDetails
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/AttendeesListAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.AttendeesListAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.AttendeesListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/Room/Attendee.java
 com.example.myapplication.Room.Attendee
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/attendeesListFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.attendeesListFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.attendeesListFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/ViewEventInfomation/event_details_attendeesinfo.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details_attendeesinfo
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details_attendeesinfo$1
 com.example.myapplication.ViewEventInfomation.event_details_attendeesinfo$2
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/NewEvent/newEventForm.java
 com.example.myapplication.NewEvent.newEventForm
com/example/myapplication/Room/EventDAO.java
 com.example.myapplication.Room.EventDAO
com/example/myapplication/ExternalEventView/external_event_view.java
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.external_event_view
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.external_event_view$1
 com.example.myapplication.ExternalEventView.external_event_view$2
com/example/myapplication/externalAttendeesAwaitingResponse.java
 com.example.myapplication.externalAttendeesAwaitingResponse
 com.example.myapplication.externalAttendeesAwaitingResponse$1
com/example/myapplication/Dashboard/eventGridFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.eventGridFragment
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.eventGridFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/Dashboard/eventGridAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.eventGridAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.Dashboard.eventGridAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentAttendeesListBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentAttendeesListBinding
